How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was helpful to find the typo easily and quick. Without using the diff tool, it would have taken an hour or even more.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By checking the progress that a file has gone through and most important by being able to recover any information 
    that could have been lost during a job.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    De forma manual, el trabajo se puede entender y medir de una mejor forma. Podemos indicar cuando el trabajo 
    ha tenido un cambio significativo e indicar qué hemos hecho mediante una descripcion.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Porque Git esta pensado para trabajar con archivos con codigo, donde muchos archivos van a contener informacion que afecten a otros archivos, ya que estan conectados por nombres de variables, metodos o clases que se usan en varios archivos.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Con git clone url, puedo clonar un repositorio. 
    Con git log, puedo ver el historial de commits de un archivo( cd asteroids/ )
    Con git diff, puedo ver las diferencias entre dos commits ( git diff id_commit1 id_commit2 )

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Al hacer cambios en el codigo, podemos cometer un error sin darnos cuenta u olvidar algo, cambiando el archivo. Para devolverlo a su estado original nos ocuparia una larga cantidad de tiempo. Sin embargo usando la version de control de Git, podemos volver a su commit anterior solo usando los controles que nos proporciona git, en este caso, para volver a una version anterior:

    git checkout id_commit

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For different projects that require coding.